Add code example for LQR input delay compensation (#945)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/advanced-controls/state-space/state-space-debugging.rst

            NetworkTableInstance::GetDefault().Flush();
        }

Compensating for Input Lag
--------------------------

> Often times, some sensor input data (i.e. velocity readings) may be delayed due to onboard filtering that smart motor controllers tend to perform. By default, LQR's K gain assumes minimal input delay, so introducing significant delay on the order of tens of milliseconds can cause instability. To combat this, the LQR's K gain can be reduced, trading off performance for stability. A code example for how to compensate for this latency is available :ref:`here <docs/software/advanced-controls/state-space/state-space-intro:LQR and Measurement Latency Compensation>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often times, some sensor input data (i.e. velocity readings) may be delayed due to onboard filtering that smart motor controllers tend to perform. By default, LQR's K gain assumes no input delay, so introducing significant delay on the order of tens of milliseconds can cause instability. To combat this, the LQR's K gain can be reduced, trading off performance for stability. A code example for how to compensate for this latency in a mathematically rigorous is available :ref:`here <docs/software/advanced-controls/state-space/state-space-intro:LQR and Measurement Latency Compensation>`.
```
